docs: fix typos (#2996)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/components/certification-lifecycle.md

## Overview

> Dapr uses a modular design where functionality is delivered as a component. Each component has an interface definition. All of the components are interchangeable so that in ideal scenarios, you can swap out one component with the same interface for another. Each component that is used in production, needs to maintain a certain set of technical requirements that ensure the functional compatibility and robustness of the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dapr uses a modular design where functionality is delivered as a component. Each component has an interface definition. All of the components are interchangeable, so that in ideal scenarios, you can swap out one component with the same interface for another. Each component used in production maintains a certain set of technical requirements to ensure functional compatibility and robustness.
```
